# FUNCTIONS: types of syntax #

### Named function syntax ###

The named function syntax includes the regular syntax, described in the e1.md:
* The `function` keyword
* The *name* of the function.
* A list of parameters (arguments) of the function, enclosed in parentheses and separated by commas.
* The *function body*, enclosed in curly brackets, `{ /* code */ }`.

```JS
function someFunction(funcArg1, funcArg2, funcArg3) {
    return funcArg1 + funcArg2 + funcArg3;
}

//function call with arguments
someFunction(2, 3, 4); // returns 9
```

Resources:
[Function declarations](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Functions#function_declarations)

### Function expression (with anonymous function syntax) ###

The difference between the named and anonymous function syntax is that anonymous function doesn't have a name in
declaration, the variable name that is assigned to the function become a reference to that function.

* The declared variable, that becomes a reference to the function with the assignment operator `=`
* The `function` keyword
* A list of parameters (arguments) of the function, enclosed in parentheses and separated by commas.
* The *function body*, enclosed in curly brackets, `{ /* code */ }`

To call that function you need to use the variable name you have assigned the function and arguments wrapped with parentheses. 

```JS
const someFunction = function (arg1, arg2, arg3) {
    return arg1 + arg2 + arg3;
}

// Function call with arguments:
someFunction(2, 3, 4); // returns 9;
```
Resources:
[Function expressions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Functions#function_expressions)


### Arrow function syntax ###

The function written with arrow syntax gets the *name* by the variable name it is assigned to and consists of:
* The declared variable, that becomes a reference to the function with the assignment operator `=`
* Parentheses for the arguments list.
* Arrow symbol `=>`
* The *function body*, enclosed in curly brackets, { /* … */ } in case of Explicit return statements.
* The return statement without enclosing in curly braces and without the return keyword in case of implicit return statement.

```JS
// Explicit return syntax requires the function body to be enclosed in curly braces and the return keyword is used.
const someFunction = (arg1, arg2, arg3) => {
    return arg1 + arg2 + arg3;
}

// Implicit return syntax doesn't require curly braces and the return statement
const someFunctionTwo = (arg1, arg2, arg3) => arg1 + arg2 + arg3;

// Function calls with arguments are the same for both types of return
someFunction(2, 3, 4); // returns 9
someFunctionTwo(2, 3, 4); // returns 9
```

Resources:
[Arrow functions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Functions#arrow_functions)

In the exercise e4.js you will be asked to refactor ALL the named and anonymous functions functions in this file 
with arrow function syntax.
